the battlefields enormous its size makes
the polar bear a perpetual nomad
trekking 15 miles a day and up to five
thousand a year on ice that's constantly
moving our story starts down there in
the ice and snow it's spring and a new
life is about to see daylight for the
first time but not until this female
tests the air she's been holed up for
nearly six months and she doesn't know
what's out there now there could be
danger and she has something precious to
protect when she went into the den last
winter she was fifty percent heavier and
alone but she's not alone now she has a
car one car
it's his first experience of the wider
world the first moments away from the
warm dark safety of the den he was born
in January just over three months ago
the world he came into was small and
cramped he had fur but his eyes were
closed he wasn't any bigger than a
guinea pig
you